Fixed broken link to http/pbuff example (#1497)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart: UPGRADING.md

### Breaking Changes Overview
- Runtime metrics will now be enabled by default, this can increase the number of metrics collected.
- The default protocol changed from gRPC to http/protobuf. For custom Java exporter endpoint

> configurations, verify that you’re sending data to http/protobuf endpoints like this [example](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart/blob/main/examples/enable-operator-and-auto-instrumentation/rendered_manifests/operator/instrumentation.yaml#L57).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configurations, verify that you’re sending data to http/protobuf endpoints like this [example](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart/blob/splunk-otel-collector-0.105.4/examples/enable-operator-and-auto-instrumentation/rendered_manifests/operator/instrumentation.yaml#L59).
```
